By registering an account on this site you must agree and abide by these rules and agreement.

You agree that you will not post illegal, unacceptable, hateful, harassing, profane, abusive defamatory or false information on this site either through the use of but not limited to the forum, comment system, your profile such as your signature and so forth. You are also forbidden to post copyrighted material unless you own said copyright or have prior written consent of the copyright owner; you are also forbidden from posting spam such as but not limited to advertisements, adult material and so forth. All actions that will be taken against such actions listed before are at the discretion of the administrators of this site.

Be aware that when posting any kind of content, whether it be forum posts or comments or anything else, that you are solely responsible for that content. If anything legal such as copyright infringement or complaints comes from the content that you created you are 100% responsible for said content and not the owners of this website, nor anyone else but you.

We respect your privacy. When you register your account you can then edit your profile and you may add or remove details such as your name, birth date, emails, and such. You have the option to either not supply information like your name, birth date, etc. however you are required to give at least a valid email address, a username and password to login in with. We respect your right to privacy, however if you break the law or if any complaints about you or anything you have contributed to this site arise from anyone the administrators may, at their discretion, give your information to the people who have filed the complaint. In other words, don't do anything illegal, wrong, offensive, and so on and you really shouldn't have any problems with this and need not worry.

Be sure that the password you choose is unique and not something someone else knows, if you don't choose to do this, that's fine, but be aware that there is a possibility that your account could be hacked and taken by someone else. We (The site owners) take no responsibility for what may happen from this occurring, so be safe and use a password you only know. You also agree that under no circumstances that you will use someone else's account on this website especially for doing something illegal or wrong.

Please note that when you login to this website a cookie is placed into your browser, these cookies simply hold your user account data such as member ID and password which this site uses to verify that you are logged in, in other words, that you are you.

So realize the website owners are also not responsible for anything that may happen from using this site, as in posting illegal, wrong, harassing, defamatory, abusive, false, etc. content as they cannot always ensure the content and quality of the content other users contribute to this website. Also note that with every piece of content you contribute to this site (even your account itself) your IP address is logged, and if and when you break this agreement at the discretion of the administrators your ISP can be contacted and you could face legal charges or other such actions from your ISP.